<!-- @format -->

# Assessment Statement

For this assignment I chose to use the Create React App boilerplate to speed things up. I figured all of this could be done on the frontend vs using php to pull in the API response and simplify the overall process. For the sake of time, I also used Bootstrap to get basic table styling setup. I didn't know which fields to use for the table, so I just the `Activity Name`, `Activity Description` and `Country` fields to display.

## A few things I ran into:

There is a lot of data, almost too much per request. I dropped the request amount down to 500, however almost all of my responses came back with a single country because their was so much data. This made it difficult to setup the country filter. I added a simple pagination to sift through the data so I could test my filters when I got to a dataset with more than one country. To test this, you'll have to go to at least to page 30.

# Flat files version

I've provided a flat file version of this app that you can find in the build folder. It should work right away just by clicking on the `index.html`. You could also generate your own version using the method called out below.

# How to use this app

The README.md generated by the Create React App boilerplate is fairly extensive to get this up and running, however here's a quick overview to start using this simple fetch API app.

- Make sure you have nodejs installed.
- Inside of the `crs-fetch-app` folder, please run `npm i` to get the necessary dependencies.
- After you have all of the dependencies, run `npm start` to start a local webserver to serve the application. You could also run `npm build` to generate the necessary files _OR_ you can use the flat file structure provided in the build folder (just unzip and click on `index.html`)
